Add custom pinot timezone instruction (#295)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: basics/getting-started/frequent-questions/general.md

## How to change TimeZone when running Pinot?

> Local timezone is the default of Pinot. To change the timezone, you need to set the `pinot.timezone` value in the `.conf` config file. It will be set once for all Pinot's components (Controller, Broker, Server, Minion)
> Below is a sample config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pinot uses the local timezone by default. To change the timezone, set the `pinot.timezone` value in the `.conf` config file. It is set once for all Pinot components (Controller, Broker, Server, Minion).
See the following sample configuration:
```
